trim this 
move it into a current post with date March 11 

I Am who I Am allows me to receive mountains of money now, is happening now, and each 
day it is known because I create as I speak and I now see the mountains of money in my 
account which I have already received, thousands of dollars are claimed now. 

The rivers of abundance in the physical reflection come directly to me in this moment
now in a perfect way under grace, 
I ask and so I receive, 
the way for my right way, my right work, my right finances are opened and accessed by 
me under grace. 
Amen you say. 

The rivers of flow and abundance are open to me now and I receive them in fullness and I love you! I love you! 

The door to wealth is now open in my heart and I receive this in full now, 
I absorb these riches because I am deserving of infinite wealth and 
even pleasure and bliss and it is wonderful. 

I am accepting and deserving of the pleasure and satisfaction of great wealth.

The door to riches opens in my heart now, 
The door to US Dollars opens in my heart now, 
The door to cash flows through [full name] Son of the living god is now opened,
the transfer is complete. 

Cash manifests to me now in Spirit and relects in my physical world as miracles 
and I experience this in fullness now.  

I am the master artist and I receive great sums of money now. 
I am not moderate in my receiving of miracles and opportunities, 
I am showered with money and this is good! 
It is good for me to be blessed by money! 
I love receiving gifts of money! 
I Am who I Am bestows money miracles upon me, they manifest under perfect grace! 

Receiving money is part of the divine idea! 

I am who I am showed me the river of money and I swam inside of it! 
Just as I found so many amazing things I found the river of money! 
I went inside the river of money!

I walked into financial miracles, financial miracles walked into my path now.  
I walked into financial miracles, financial miracles walked into my mind now. 

Abundance and prosperity - 
My energy sent riches into the universe and the universe sent riches back to me now. 
My energy sent cash into the universe, and cash got sent back to me now. 

I received more money than I felt I deserved. 
I felt I deserved tons of money! 
I felt worthy of receiving tons of money! 

I am so grateful for all the money I receive! 
I am so grateful for all of the money I have received.
I am overjoyed at the money I receive! 

